[Music]
the moon shines brightly on the ugly
scars of man I can see the fear in your
eyes what do you hope
[Music]
the battle rages on stand up I'm sure
strong battle to fight
even as daily wounded the truth it never
feels right
[Music]
now
the battle rages on stand up and show
your strength for battle for white
yes
[Music]
excellent
even when severely wounded the true
victory never gives up
[Music]
sure
the battle rages on stand up and show
your strength light pale even when scary
wound the true Victor never gives up
white
get closer
[Music]
ah the banner ages are stand up and show
you that white
this is
Oh
only one favorites the defeated mark
holy shit have you guys ever seen the
death battle video between uh
Kratos and his pawn I mean that
literally was the outcome exactly how it
happened in that baby I literally was
what happened so I don't know if you
guys know this but spawn it's like out
there
kind of like Kratos type level spawn
actually has like his own comics and you
actually read the comics I spawn is
really out there like you know our
cradles it's like that one guy that goes
around and kills all the gods because he
has a vengeance against the god bull
spawn is kind of like the same Kratos is
that guy the spawn is kind of like the
same thing but on the whole his and he's
trying to pretty much battle demons so
here we are Kratos battling the the
Greek the Greek gods and here we got
spawn fighting against the demons and as
he fights against the demons he gets
involved between the battle between the
angels and the demons and by the end of
it all he actually has a fate Satan and
godlike Satan and God themselves and he
actually beats them so that is why it's
fun wins so I mean it's fun the only
what you kill spawn actually cut off its
head and I mean to even be able to get
even to that point really like a super
holy weapon that has like the power to
kill God or Satan so I mean it is really
out there so you know if you really
think this is skeptical it's not you
should really look up like spawn
sometime and you should also spawn and
Google this woke up his Wikipedia and
you can see where he fights God you can
see him with like wings
with that it's something crazy I mean I
still love my man cradles pit you know
he's just against Zeus and the Olympian
gods you know he's not going against
Satan and God and like that people that
made all creation pretty much show who
cares anyway so thank you for watching
let me know your comments below what you
think this battle actually like the
calculation I'll probably show a video
how did my calculation for like an
update on character each iteration for
cradles from my character form and
another update for my character creation
of spawn I want to show exactly how I
didn't because I think I did a little
bit different than other people as in a
few billets or what people do in spawn
there - is slightly different so I'll
probably put a pretty view showing
exactly how many so anyways thank you
for watching and I'll catch you guys
later